---
layout: post
title: Taking a break
permalink: pause
---

# Opendatapro.com is taking a break

Since October I have been posting every Wednesday about open data. While I would still like to continue with this pace, I don’t think it would be even near up to par and it’s my fault. You see, when I started _Open data pro_, I did so with little to no preparation. All I had, was a list of topic ideas and off I went writing and building the site, all ad-hoc.

Initially, this approach seemed to work fine, however soon there were issues. Since I haven’t prepared any articles in advance, the limited time I had to work on this project meant I wasn’t able to put any effort into polishing or promoting content.

I know I could have done better. On the other hand, I could have done nothing; much like with countless projects which are stuck, permanently on hold. I am glad I did not wait for perfection, but rather decided to [iterate in public][1]. I am proud of the results. For 3 months I managed to write a post each week and let me tell you, writing regularly with a few hours of time to spare (at most) is far more difficult than it seems. 

For the next two months, that is January and February, my schedule is almost fully booked. That is why __I decided to put this project on pause__. I want to give it the attention it deserves or move on. If I determine I want to continue I would like to do the following beforehand:
- have a buffer or pre-written posts
- set up reserved, scheduled time for working on this project
- add featured images to all my posts
- convert some images to HTML
- come up with a content promotion strategy

All in all I am glad I started _Open data pro_ and invite you to __check back on the 3rd of March 2016__ when I will announce my decision in regard to continuing the project.

[1]: http://www.opendatapro.com/iterating-in-public